I want to build a website for an engineering company located in Nigeria. West Wind Marine Electronics Ltd, is a company registered under the corporate affairs commission of Nigeria on the 5th Feb 2019 with RC number: 1558935.

West Wind Marine Electronics Ltd is a company borne out of Passion to provide top-notch services and solutions to customers in the areas of Navigation, communication, automation, and electrical solutions in the Maritime industry particularly in Nigeria and across Africa.

We are unique in the services we render by providing customers with quality service and competitive solutions

We are a solution provider and integrator of Navigation and communication equipment.

We design, procure, install, commission, repair, and maintain Navigation, communication, instrumentation, automation, and electrical equipment.

West Wind Marine Electronics Ltd is customer and solution-oriented company. We are determined to grow organically into knowledge- based organization and a pace setter in the marine Navigation and communication around Gulf of Guinea.


Thoughts




Based on your requirements, I'll create a professional, production-worthy website for West Wind Marine Electronics Ltd. This will be a comprehensive site showcasing their maritime engineering expertise with a clean, modern design that reflects their technical capabilities and industry focus.

Core Features:

Professional hero section with company branding and value proposition
Comprehensive about section highlighting company history and expertise
Detailed services showcase covering navigation, communication, and automation solutions
Company credentials and registration information display
Contact section with multiple ways to reach the company
Responsive design optimized for all devices
Maritime-themed color scheme with professional aesthetics
Call-to-action buttons for lead generation
Design Elements:

Deep navy (#1e3a8a) and maritime blue (#3b82f6) color palette with professional grays
Clean typography with proper hierarchy and spacing
Subtle animations and hover effects for enhanced user experience
Maritime-inspired iconography using lucide-react icons
Professional card layouts with depth and shadows
Gradient backgrounds and modern visual elements
Mobile-first responsive design with tailored layouts for different screen sizes
West Wind Marine Electronics Ltd Website

Revert

index.html
src/components/Header.tsx
src/components/Hero.tsx
src/components/About.tsx
src/components/Services.tsx
src/components/Contact.tsx
src/components/Footer.tsx
src/App.tsx
npm run dev
I've created a comprehensive, production-ready website for West Wind Marine Electronics Ltd that showcases their maritime engineering expertise with a professional, modern design. The site features a compelling hero section, detailed company information, comprehensive services showcase, and professional contact forms - all optimized for lead generation and client engagement in the maritime industry.

Make it a multi page website. I dont want it as a single page. Create pages for Home, About, Products & Services, Partnerships, and contact us. I have the contents for all the pages, and will share once you implement this.

I'll convert the single-page website into a multi-page application with separate routes for Home, About, Products & Services, Partnerships, and Contact Us. I'll use React Router for navigation and create a clean, professional structure ready for your content.

West Wind Marine Electronics Ltd - Multi-page Website

Undo

package.json
src/App.tsx
src/components/Header.tsx
src/components/Footer.tsx
src/pages/Home.tsx
src/pages/About.tsx
src/pages/ProductsServices.tsx
src/pages/Partnerships.tsx
src/pages/Contact.tsx
npm run dev
Perfect! I've successfully converted the single-page website into a comprehensive multi-page application with the following structure:

Pages Created:

Home - Hero section with company overview and service highlights
About - Company story, vision, mission, and values
Products & Services - Detailed service offerings and capabilities
Partnerships - Partnership approach, types, and benefits
Contact Us - Contact form and company information
Key Features Implemented:

React Router for seamless navigation between pages
Professional header with active page highlighting
Consistent footer across all pages
Mobile-responsive navigation with hamburger menu
Clean, professional design maintaining the maritime theme
Structured content areas ready for your specific content
Each page includes:

Professional page headers with gradient backgrounds
Well-organized content sections
Placeholder areas clearly marked for your content integration
Consistent styling and branding throughout
The website is now running and ready for your content! Each page has a clear structure with placeholder sections where you can easily integrate your specific content. Just share the content for any page, and I'll seamlessly integrate it into the existing professional layout.

The navigation is fully functional, and the site maintains a cohesive professional appearance across all pages while being optimized for both desktop and mobile viewing.

I'm importing your project into Bolt. This may take a moment as I set everything up. Once it's ready, you'll be able to explore and interact with your code.

Importing Bolt Project

sb1-hik2zdvc
npm install
npm run dev
I've successfully imported your project. I'm ready to assist you with analyzing and improving your code.

This is my address: Plot 8,

The Providence St,

LAGOS.

Lekki Phase 1

Lekki

Tel: +234 7032509442
Mobile: +234 8064651345
Email:admin@westwindelectricpower.com

Error
You have hit the rate limit. Please Upgrade to keep chatting, or you can continue coding for free in the editor.


Retry
